Add speical mgmt org to keycloak config. Add canary client ID in custom claim check in Kafka CR (#920)
bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/kas-fleet-manager: docs/deploying-kas-fleet-manager-to-openshift.md

- `MAS_SSO_ENABLE_AUTH`: Enables MAS SSO authentication for the Data Plane. Defaults to `true`.
- `MAS_SSO_BASE_URL`: MAS SSO base url. Defaults to `https://identity.api.stage.openshift.com`.
- `MAS_SSO_REALM`: MAS SSO realm url. Defaults to `rhoas`.

> - `SPECIAL_MANAGEMENT_ORG_ID`: Special Management Organization ID used for creating internal Service accounts. Defaults to the Org ID of stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SPECIAL_MANAGEMENT_ORG_ID`: Special Management Organization ID used for creating internal Service accounts. Defaults to `13640203` which is the special management organisation id for Stage environment.
```

Author: Cannot expose the Org ID in a public repo. this is the Org ID that will have all the internal service accounts, so better not to specify the same in ReadME. @akoserwal i forgot that this is a public repo, so should we think about defaulting to stage OrgID - const declared in the code? Probably we can get away with an empty string. Would prefer not to have this in the public domain

Author: agreed. code changed
